Add rate limitis recommendations to the FAQ of Ingest API (#159)
metricly/metricly-docs: content/api/api-ingest.md

    "sparseDataStrategy": "ReplaceWithZero"
  }
}]

> ### What are the rate limits on Ingest API?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Are there any rate limits on the Ingest API endpoint?
```

> There are no strict limitations, however we recommend using 10 payloads per element per minute at maximum.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are no hard limits, but excessive amounts of data can cause your API key to get throttled and some payloads to get discarded. We recommend a volume of no more than 10 payloads per element per minute.
```
